The Joe Rogan experience. How are we friends again? Yeah. Okay, good.
Good. Oh yeah. I forgot you. Drugged him. Forgot that,
dude. I'll tell you right now. Is your wife over it? No. No.
My kids aren't an overt either and that really broke my heart.
She buy him stuff. You she'll buy him stuff. No, no, no.
Let it breathe until they, one day they find your funny and they're like.
That might not happen. It might buy him stuff.
I told Joe in the green room, I decided to forgive Ari so that the people,
I hate know how much I really hate them.
I liked that. That was a good one. I like what you said, do stuff out of spite.
No. Yeah, but it's like to let people know,
like this guy drugged me in front of my kids and I still forgive him.
And his house was a part that mattered.
Don't listen to talk about it. Let's talk about it.
Yeah. I understand that.
I had to come to a moment.
I had a spiritual healer come to my house to do with your mind energy.
I talked to Tom about it. Um, and uh, she cleared the house,
our new house for all the tender bad energy. And then she said,
I see some darkness in you. Oh boy. I told Joe about it.
I was dealing with darkness in my head about just OCD. And I went, all right.
What is it? And she picked you out in a heartbeat. And I went, I have not,
I haven't forgiven him podcast. No.
I called you. And he's like, I'm over it. And then I'm like,
you're still not over it. It wasn't even really spiritual.
Healers. Listen to this podcast a lot.
So what, so what? She said, airy Shaffer. And he was like, yeah.
It's army ship here.
She said, do something to Bert Chrysler.
Okay. She said, it's it's if you,
I I'm forgetting the exact words. I know. Cause I'm a little strokey. But uh,
but um, something about bringing Jay more up, it was about fuse.
I'm a up and deal with that tomorrow.
It was, uh,
it was, uh, if you, if you love him, you gotta fix,
help fix his karma, this bad karma for him. And I thought I do.
I, I can't, I can't write you off. I there's too.
Thanks. Straight. Every time I was on a hike, I was like, my girlfriend's like,
why am I my friend?
I'm still not friends with him and heart.
It was, she said, if you, as he, you got to fix his karma.
If you care about him. And I was like, I do,
I can't not have conversations with them.
Your conversations are too important to me seeing you in,
in New York when I go to New York and spending time with you was too important
to me. And I know you, I know you so well. And I know that you're you're.
I said to someone, I think I've maybe said to Tom, I said, he he's a great guy.
He's just a bad person.
And it's like, it's like, he's he didn't, he didn't. And it was like,
you didn't mean to, you never meant to hurt me at all. And I was like,
and I talked to Joe and Tom about this at nauseum. But I was like, I, I,
I can't, I can't, man. I'm not in a place to look for new friends. I got him.
He's one of my friends, the.
Thing that's beautiful about this.
We're here in 2019 in any other business,
if you drugged a Pete and you did so publicly and that it was
discussed publicly, and yet you were on my podcast. Two weeks later,
we were howling about it. We got high.
We were smoking weed. And just laughing about the fact that you drugged him. It.
Was hard because it was serious, but it's also super not serious.
We were having a good time talking about it.
And then we were also talking about how no one's kicked you out of the comedy.
It was never even a thought. There's no, not a second.
Like where you're not getting booked anywhere.
Not a second where you're you're ostracized. It's like,
this is the last frontier for savages.
This is the last frontier for people that are doing wild, crazy, stupid.
And that is one of the wildest, craziest,
stupidest things you'd do is drug someone when they don't know your drug.
And I mean, it's like a, it is the line stepping of all line stepping.
And we're like, ah, I talked to Joe lines, worked out,
Joey Diaz had the funniest take on it. Joey Diaz called me up and he goes,
listen to me, this Burton, Ari thing. He goes, all his family. He goes,
he's head. He's not going anywhere. We're not getting rid of him. I go,
we're not getting rid of him. And he goes, exactly. I go, I'm not saying we are.
He goes, I know you're not. I go, okay. And he goes, look, he up. I go, okay,
you up. I'm not saying anything like J Julie's like arguing calls you up.
He'll call you up arguing. Like, like he's arguing with somebody out away.
He what he's family. I definitely agree with you. I'm like, I'm not,
I'm not arguing you. Yeah.
He called me like two days after he was like, I just answered the phone.
He goes, you got to forgive him. And I didn't say a word. And I was like, I go,
I'm going through some right now. [inaudible] go through your, Cox. Okay.
Do what you gotta do. You gotta forgive him. He's a good guy. You know that?
You know.
That now he's got a bit about it. Yeah. Now he's in New York. It was killer.
It's.
Killer. It's killer.
I, uh, I, I, uh, I thought we might, I thought I was like,
oh, we're gonna do this podcast. And I was like,
I thought we might talk about this. I kind of wrote down some feelings. Oh boy.
You're lying right now. I'm not, no, he's not.
Also, well, some fruit in a felony. If you guys want some
[inaudible].
Don't tell anybody. Don't show the fruit. Okay. That's a lie.
We're just joking folks. And the DEA agents or who would it be?
Oh. Agriculture. Yeah.
Agricultural people. Um.
If you tell me they're all in Spanish, I'm going to jump.
Over this table. Wait and hope music. It's all in Spanish.
Can you play this theme.
Of the book? Oh, are you a Spanish? Sorry. Can you translate?
I got pee. Go ahead.
Okay. Kay. Redrow Brent,
my dearest.
Ma'am me.
And Portella let me start being [inaudible]. [inaudible]
can you just let him read what you wrote and translate it? Yeah, it's better.
If we can do that double space, misspelling it to see.
Oh, wow. What is it.
Before? I just mentioned the birdie boy, world tour.
All right, dear Brent. Uh.
What's in our friendship is important. Um,
friendship is more important.
Don't know that Tom
is, is occupied with the fried pizza.
This is important to me as Thomas with deep fried pizza with deep fried pizza.
Great.
It's more important to me than fruit.
Don't show it on camera. That's a felony.
More important to me than, uh, Joe's, um,
obsession with a killing.
Animals, killing defenseless animals,
beautiful animals in the woods.
Or you up with those horns.
More. Alright, there you go. There you go.
See if I can remember this.
Let's speak from the heart. Okay. Just, just, just say it.
You don't have to read it. Just tell him how you feel. Furniture.
It was more important to me than anything. Even more important than
is important. Tom is deep fried pizza, more important than Tom than
Joe is killing animals. More important than,
oh, this was some of this is really mean. Don't do that.
Just tell him, just put that down and it's telling me, sorry,
but I wrote some funny stuff. Oh, okay. Okay. Um, friendship.
Is more important to me than like, than allies is a whole.
Don't do this. Don't do this. I would not read that.
We're friends.
We're your friends. We love you. We love you.
Look at the face of Brody. I wrote one.
Um,
living without you will be worse than Tony Hinchcliffe living without the mural,
above his bed of him blowing Joe Rogan as Jeff Ross pucks him in the.
I don't think he has that. He does have that.
I've seen in this apartment who painted it. So you read.
This in Spanish and you pulled the plug.
That's all it was coming up.
Okay. Let me tell you the fallback.
Was going to happen. The point is all I wanted to do was I like playing pranks.
I will give you what you said, Joe. It's just sticking the heart.
I like playing pranks. I like doing fun stuff.
And I thought the same thing I did with Louis Gomez, where I'm like,
he had this great announcement for skank Fest. And I was like,
I'm going to ruin that. And I'm going to do it by like promoting it.
And I thought, I'll give you what you love doing,
which is great content for your fans.
I know you're never going to leave set podcasts, but like never,
it was the best podcast,
top 20 podcasts of all time of any podcast. Yeah.
And I thought I'll give that to you. I'll have a fun time with my friend.
I didn't know all the fallback was going to happen. I know your friends,
your two kids were going to come home and say, you know,
I got raped that you got raped.
By Ari, which I don't know why. Here's my Arnaud. Why do you wait for it?
You have better stamina and strength than me.
Why they wouldn't think that you would rate me?
That's a good point. Kids are intuitive.
Maybe they saw something in you that I don't see a fanciness or something,
but I don't know. So this is go read it, go back to reading.
Why didn't I fun? I thought I have a prank that I'm like,
I'm I had thought the prank first, I'm going to dose somebody in a podcast.
I'm gonna give them acid or Molly. And I was like, who can I do it to? You know,
I thought of Louis Gomez first, but I was like, he's an unknown. He's worthless.
And I'm on our, I don't like him that much. And then I, yeah.
And then I thought it has to be a good friend.
You can't do it to an like a semi friend. It has to be someone who parties.
So it can't be these two faggots.
It hit me the, the machine. I know.
The machine. So I was like, I will do that with Bert. That was my thought.
And I know people are telling you that. I thought you a week.
That's the furthest thing from the truth. I thought you were fun, but I,
if you forgiven me, but I won't do this. Sometimes.
People do something and they just,
they have it in their head that it's going to be okay.
And they don't understand how other people are going to perceive it.
And it's not, it's not that they did it with bad intentions.
It's just that they up. And I didn't want, I didn't.
Think about like having to run interference with me. You can show your wife.
It's like.
I'll tell you right now. I had a hard enough time. The biggest thing that,
that me up about it. Yeah.
The biggest thing was, was that amazing fruit?
Was that when it happened? Yeah.
I knew I was going to have to take care of you. Like I knew,
I knew that I knew that all the implications of what was about to trickle down,
and that was the one thing where I was like, why,
why would you make my life more complicated?
And I told you on the phone and by the way, no one said this other didn't me.
I said this to myself. And I've said this to Joe a million times is that,
that moniker of like, you think I'm weak.
It's my biggest thing of like people to go in my head. And I,
I would go, I know Joe, doesn't say that, no, Tom doesn't say that.
And I know you don't say that, but in that moment, I was like,
is he doing what these enemies do to me? Where he just thinks, oh,
he's some weak comic disrupts his shirt on the advantage of your good nature.
Right. And, and that w and that was the thing.
And when you S when I was on the phone with you, I was in Connecticut.
I was with Shane in the car. And I told you that. And you said, oh my God,
I would never, I would never think because I share that with you.
Probably I'm sure I was share it publicly now.
But she had posted with you privately your response. I knew you didn't.
I knew that's why you didn't do that. And I was like, all right,
I can get past this, which was a big thing for me to go. I can get past this.
And then it took a little bit to just go still mad though. No,
I, a certain point, I thought it's just a reward. Like,
does Ari bring more to my life than that one stupid moment
right now? And I said, yeah, he does bring a lot to my life already.
You don't know that. I don't share that maybe enough with you,
but you bring on a lot to my life. And, and, and, uh, all you guys do. I mean,
you guys are, this, our friendship means a lot. It means a lot more to me.
Maybe that means to you guys. Sometimes it.
Means a lot to me too, man, does, this is this podcast that we do,
these regular podcasts. We do some of my favorite. They're so fun.
Yeah. The chat thread, dude, I'll tell you.
Text threads. It's awesome. Great. Oh my God. Don't eat that.
It's illegal. The agriculture is going to come here. They have a helicopter.
But yeah. Um, and, and I mean, if we're being set on the other.
Word, both, you're like Donnie helicopter here, agriculture
it's contagious. Both.
Of these guys were, I don't know how I have to share this.
Both of these guys were very,
very valuable to me in that moment where I was super vulnerable.
Both of them had a moment where it was fun.
And then a moment where they called me and they were concerned.
Yeah. When, when you told me during the podcast, when we first did the podcast,
I'm like, what happened to it? Oh, just wait. Like,
you didn't even want to talk about it until that's when I knew it was serious.
I still don't know. It was fun until it was like, and then Tom's like,
what the is wrong with you? It's like, and I was like, wait, is this, there is.
No other business. If you were working in HR at a,
at a network and you guys went on the Christmas party and he drugged somebody,
that's the end of your career, man, free.
Drugs, free drugs, free drugs to someone. Yeah. But they didn't. But yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. It would be, I knew he was really upset about it too. You know?
And yeah. When.
You told me afterwards, you're like, oh, he's really up. But I.
Also wanted really badly for you guys to make up. Yeah. I spoke.
To both everyone. Both of you, both you guys did.
Yeah. Tom called me and he was like, Hey, I saw you. I called you every day.
Trying to like, you call me every day. Everyone take my call. And Tom was like,
Hey, I saw you call him.
I just knew that it was wrong.
It was wrong for me to answer because I didn't know what to say to you.
And I was, and I was, I wasn't right in the head yet. And I was like,
I was like, I'm not, I'm really angry, but I'm not mad at like mad at him.
Does that make sense? Yes. And I was like, I feel victimized by no,
I'm not a victim. I know that this is going to be fun.
I call Whitney and I talked to Whitney about it. Like, how did she say,
you know, call the police? No, no, no. We were, we were in the green, in the.
A felony. I'm like, you think I'm the only felony. You have to have a committed,
oh, hello. Hey, put that down. Don't film it. We.
Were in the backstage at the comedy store or in the back bar.
And we saw David spade and Whitney.
And I told him when I was on high on Molly and I was having a great,
it was probably, it was, I was having a blast.
David spade there. And you're like, oh, I've got a great story for David spade.
I've always been sexually attracted to him. And this is my moment.
Whenever David spade.
I can hear you say that. Now, when I heard you say on the podcast,
I got mad at you. I was like, I was like, ah, it's so up, man. It's so up.
There's so many complex moments in this where you're right.
You're totally right. David spade was back there and me and you were back there.
And I was like, I got drunk by Molly.
And then he brought it up on his show and he's like, ah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And even the podcast, I was like, I was conflicting. So I go,
this is super compelling content.
But you said, I'm so mad at you for doing this, but I see it now.
This is the best podcast. But I was like, uh, and.
In, in retrospect I was like, I can't release it.
I don't want to be the guy that people come on my show and they go,
I'm going to drug him in that time. Only thing. But, but, uh,
I talked to Whitney and Whitney was like, Whitney.
Oddly enough said exactly what Joe said and said, this is really,
it's not right, man. It's not right.
It's you shouldn't be drugging people in front of their kids. She was like,
I'm sorry, I didn't say that.
I didn't say that to you in the green and the thing, I didn't know how you felt.
And that's how Joe felt. That's also a Tom felt is that like, I didn't,
I didn't know how I felt. So I brought all these energies of like,
I got drugged and then everything's on the table and everyone's like, oh,
I got to figure out your emotions. And I hadn't figured them out yet.
I gotta be honest with you, man.
When you lean on friends and you come out of a place like that and you go in a
weird way, I was like,
I F I feel a lot closer to the four of us after that. And I'm like.
I'm definitely not glamorous. He dragged us all together.
He brought us closer to the metaphorical wet. Yeah. And the funny.
Part is I was like, I was like, he wanted to kill sober October,
but now he's got to do it for the rest of his life. Cause he, he didn't win.
We're always going to do so Rocktober.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Every year, every.
Year, how you dragged them in front of his drug? Me in front of my children.
First.
Of all, what truck it's MTMA it's used. So roofie.
Up his brain for like weeks. Yeah. I'm still doing the deal with those CDs.
[inaudible].
I rolled him.
And I think you could do this. Right? You could chloroform it.
That would be a fun. Get that online. That's a drugging.
That would be that's a drug. That would be a good one. Don't do that.
Anyone at home doing MTMA um, is it, your friend is five HDP.
I told Burt,
but he was not in a place where he's going to trust.com that has five-ish
dipping in it. Five-inch DP will equalize your mood.
And I meant to bring it with me and I didn't and I up hard.
I pride myself on the dosing people the right.
Way. And um.
I, you learned nothing. It's like pockets.
I remember this day, I was like, I was we're feeling like really good.
We're feeling really good. I did feel really good during the day.
It was a fun time. We were watching sunny sunset over.
Here. Joey tells his head.
There's nothing more beautiful in on my deathbed. When you get that six,
seven seconds of memories of your life.
I hope I see Joey Diaz like Jesus Christ, like Buddha, just going listen,
Cox Shaka. If you would have had a stroke, it would already happened.
You're going to be fine.